Add transaction related changes and api docs (#24037)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/database/sql/src/main/ballerina/src/sql/Module.md

var ret = dbClient->execute("INSERT INTO student(age, name) " +
                         "values (23, 'john')");
if (ret is sql:ExecutionResult) {
    io:println("Inserted row count to Students table: ", ret.affectedRowCount);
} else {
    error err = ret;
    io:println("Insert to Students table failed: ",
                <string>err.detail()["message"]);
}
```

In the second example, the parameter values, which are in local variables, are used to parameterize the SQL query in 
`execute` remote function. This type of parameterized SQL query can be used with any primitive Ballerina type 
like `string`, `int`, `float`, or `boolean`, and in that case, the corresponding SQL type of the parameter is derived 
from the type of the Ballerina variable that is passed in. 

```ballerina
string name = "Anne";
int age = 8;

var ret = dbClient->execute(`INSERT INTO student(age, name) 
                             values (${age}, ${name})`);
if (ret is sql:ExecutionResult) {
    io:println("Inserted row count to Students table: ", ret.affectedRowCount);
} else {
    error err = ret;
    io:println("Insert to Students table failed: ",
                <string>err.detail()["message"]);
}
```

> In the third example, parameter values are passed as a `sql:TypedValue` to the `execute` remote function. Use 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the third example, the parameter values are passed as a `sql:TypedValue` to the `execute` remote function. Use the 
```

> corresponding subtype of `sql:TypedValue` such as `sql:Varchar`, `sql:Char`, `sql:Integer`, etc when you need to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
corresponding subtype of the `sql:TypedValue` such as `sql:Varchar`, `sql:Char`, `sql:Integer`, etc, when you need to 
```

    io:println("Inserted row count to Students table: ", ret.affectedRowCount);
} else {
    error err = ret;
    io:println("Insert to Students table failed: ",
                <string>err.detail()["message"]);
}
```

#### Inserting data with auto-generated keys

This example demonstrates inserting data while returning the auto-generated keys. It achieves this by using the 
`execute` remote function to execute the INSERT statement.

```ballerina
int age = 31;
string name = "Kate";
var ret = dbClient->execute(`INSERT INTO student(age, name) 
                             values (${age}, ${name})`);
if (ret is sql:ExecutionResult) {
    int? count = ret.affectedRowCount;
    string|int? generatedKey = ret.lastInsertId;
    io:println("Inserted row count: ", count);
    io:println("Generated key: ", generatedKey);
} else {
    error err = ret;
    io:println("Insert to table failed: ", <string>err.detail()["message"]);
}
```

#### Querying data

This sample shows three examples to demonstrate the different usages of the `query` operation and query the
database table and obtain the results. 

This example demonstrates querying data from a table in a database. 

> First, a type is created to represent the returned result set. Please note the mapping of the database column 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, a type is created to represent the returned result set. Note the mapping of the database column 
```

> to the returned record's property is case insensitive (i.e., `ID` column in result, can be mapped to `id` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the returned record's property is case insensitive (i.e., `ID` column in the result can be mapped to the `id` 
```

> property in record). Next, the SELECT query is executed via the `query` remote function of the client by passing that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
property in the record). Next, the SELECT query is executed via the `query` remote function of the client by passing that 
```

result set type. Once the query is executed, each data record can be retrieved by looping the result set. The `stream` 
returned by the select operation holds a pointer to the actual data in the database and it loads data from the table 
only when it is accessed. This stream can be iterated only once. 

```ballerina
// Define a type to represent the results.
type Student record {
    int id;
    int age;
    string name;
};

> // Select the data from the database table. Query Parameters are passed directly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Select the data from the database table. The query parameters are passed directly. 
```

> // Similar to `execute` examples, parameters can be passed as sub types of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Similar to the `execute` examples, parameters can be passed as sub types of 
```

// `sql:TypedValue`s as well.
int id = 10;
int age = 12;
stream<Student, sql:Error> resultStream = dbClient->query(`SELECT * FROM students 
                                                          WHERE id < ${id} AND 
                                                          age > ${age}`, Student);

> // Iterating returned table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Iterating the returned table.
```

error? e = resultStream.forEach(function(Student student) {
   io:println("Student Id: ", student.id);
   io:println("Student age: ", student.age);
   io:println("Student name: ", student.name);
});
if (e is error) {
   io:println("Query execution failed.", e);
}
```

> Defining the return type is optional, and you can query the database without providing the result type. And hence 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining the return type is optional and you can query the database without providing the result type. Hence, 
```

> the above example can be modified as below with open record type as return type. The property name in the open record 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the above example can be modified as follows with an open record type as the return type. The property name in the open record 
```

> type will be same as how the column is defined in the database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type will be the same as how the column is defined in the database. 
```

```ballerina

> // Select the data from the database table. Query Parameters are passed directly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Select the data from the database table. The query parameters are passed directly. 
```

> // Similar to `execute` examples, parameters can be passed as sub types of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Similar to the `execute` examples, parameters can be passed as sub types of 
```

// `sql:TypedValue`s as well.
int id = 10;
int age = 12;
stream<record{}, sql:Error> resultStream = dbClient->query(`SELECT * FROM students 
                                                            WHERE id < ${id} AND 
                                                            age > ${age}`, Student);

> // Iterating returned table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Iterating the returned table.
```

error? e = resultStream.forEach(function(record{} student) {
   io:println("Student Id: ", student["id"]);
   io:println("Student age: ", student["age"]);
   io:println("Student name: ", student["name"];
});
if (e is error) {
   io:println("Query execution failed.", e);
}
```

> There are situations where you may do not want to iterate through the database, and in that case you may decide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are situations in which you may not want to iterate through the database and in that case, you may decide
```

to only use the `next()` operation in the result `stream` and retrieve the first record. In such cases, the returned

> result stream will not be closed, and you have to explicitly invoke `close` operation on the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
result stream will not be closed and you have to explicitly invoke the `close` operation on the 
```

> `sql:Client` to release the connection resources and avoid connection leak as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sql:Client` to release the connection resources and avoid a connection leak as shown below.
```

```ballerina
stream<record{}, sql:Error> resultStream = dbClient->query("SELECT count(*) as " + 
                                                           "total FROM students");

record {|record {} value;|}|error? result = resultStream.next();

if (result is record {|record {} value;|}) {
    io:println("Total students : ", result.value["total"]);
} else if (result is error) {
    io:println("Error encoutered when executing query. ", result);
} else {
    io:println("Student table is empty");
}

error? e = resultStream.close();
if(e is error){
    io:println("Error when closing the stream", e);
}
```

#### Updating data

This example demonstrates modifying data by executing an UPDATE statement via the `execute` remote function of 
the client.

```ballerina
int age = 23;
var ret = dbClient->execute(`UPDATE students SET name = 'John' WHERE age = ${age}`);
if (ret is sql:ExecutionResult) {
    io:println("Updated row count in Students table: ", ret.affectedRowCount);
} else {
    error err = ret;
    io:println("Update to students table failed: ",
                <string>err.detail()["message"]);
}
```

#### Deleting data

> This example demonstrates deleting data by executing an DELETE statement via the `execute` remote function of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates deleting data by executing a DELETE statement via the `execute` remote function of 
```

the client.

```ballerina
string name = "John";
var ret = dbClient->execute(`DELETE from students WHERE name = ${name}`);
if (ret is sql:ExecutionResult) {
    io:println("Deleted student count: ", ret.affectedRowCount);
} else {
    error err = ret;
    io:println("Delete from students table failed: ",
                <string>err.detail()["message"]);
}
```

#### Batch updating data

This example demonstrates how to insert multiple records with a single INSERT statement that is executed via the 
`batchExecute` remote function of the client. This is done by creating a `table` with multiple records and 

> parameterizing the SQL query as same as `execute` operations above.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameterizing the SQL query as same as the  above `execute` operations.
```

```ballerina

> // Create the table with records that needs to be inserted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create the table with the records that need to be inserted.
```
